com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/profile_menu/Hilt_ProfileMenuFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.profile_menu.Hilt_ProfileMenuFragment
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeChbMedicationDashboardLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeChbMedicationDashboardLayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/login/LoginViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.login.LoginViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.login.LoginViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.login.LoginViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step4_DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step4_DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/FitbitManager_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.FitbitManager_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step1/DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step1.DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step1.DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step1.DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/fragment/DashboardFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.DashboardFragment_MembersInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentEditProfileBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentEditProfileBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/RequestSigner.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.RequestSigner
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentSignUpBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentSignUpBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/editprofile/EditUserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.editprofile.EditUserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.editprofile.EditUserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_dashboard_DashboardActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_dashboard_DashboardActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Total_.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Total_
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step2_DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step2_DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_add_patient_AddPatientViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_add_patient_AddPatientViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/profile/UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.profile.UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.profile.UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/databinding/DialogProgressBarBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.DialogProgressBarBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/forgot_password/ForgotPasswordViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.forgot_password.ForgotPasswordViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.forgot_password.ForgotPasswordViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/profile/UserProfileViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.profile.UserProfileViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_forgot_password_ForgotPasswordViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_forgot_password_ForgotPasswordViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/CompoundQuestionTypeNotSupportedLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.CompoundQuestionTypeNotSupportedLayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ItemMedicationPreviewLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ItemMedicationPreviewLayoutBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_setting_SettingFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_setting_SettingFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityAuthenticateUserBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityAuthenticateUserBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_signup_SignUpViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_signup_SignUpViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/textrecognization/CameraImageGraphic.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.CameraImageGraphic
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentChangePasswordBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentChangePasswordBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ItemMedicineSearchLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ItemMedicineSearchLayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/fragment/DashboardViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.DashboardViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.DashboardViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.DashboardViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/signup/SignUpRepository_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.signup.SignUpRepository_Factory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ItemDropdownAilmentBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ItemDropdownAilmentBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/notifications/NotificatonsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.notifications.NotificatonsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.notifications.NotificatonsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentForgotPasswordBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentForgotPasswordBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeHeartratevsdateLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeHeartratevsdateLayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/di/RepositaryModule_ProvideSyncHealthRepoFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.RepositaryModule_ProvideSyncHealthRepoFactory
com/cardio/physician/di/RepositaryModule_ProvideUserAuthRepoFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.RepositaryModule_ProvideUserAuthRepoFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_notifications_NotificatonsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_notifications_NotificatonsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityTutorialBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityTutorialBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentSignUpBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentSignUpBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/AuthenticationResult.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.AuthenticationResult
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.AuthenticationResult$1
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.AuthenticationResult$Status
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/change_email/ChangeEmailViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.change_email.ChangeEmailViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.change_email.ChangeEmailViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.change_email.ChangeEmailViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/loaders/ResourceLoaderFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.loaders.ResourceLoaderFactory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityDiagnosisBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityDiagnosisBinding
com/cardio/physician/di/FragmentModule_ProvideWeightGraphFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.FragmentModule_ProvideWeightGraphFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_dashboard_fragment_PatientDashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_dashboard_fragment_PatientDashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/EditDiagnosisActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.EditDiagnosisActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/di/RepositaryModule_ProvideFitbitRepositaryFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.RepositaryModule_ProvideFitbitRepositaryFactory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/exceptions/TokenExpiredException.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.exceptions.TokenExpiredException
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/ClientCredentials.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.ClientCredentials
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.ClientCredentials$1
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/setting/SettingFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.setting.SettingFragment_MembersInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/change_email/ChangeEmailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.change_email.ChangeEmailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.change_email.ChangeEmailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/ui/common/base/viewmodel/BaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.base.viewmodel.BaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.base.viewmodel.BaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.base.viewmodel.BaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/di/FragmentModule_ProvideBpGraphFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.FragmentModule_ProvideBpGraphFactory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityTutorialBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityTutorialBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_notifications_NotificationsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_notifications_NotificationsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Floors.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Floors
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/changepassword/ChangePasswordRepository_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.changepassword.ChangePasswordRepository_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step1/DiagnosisFragmentStep1_MembersInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step1.DiagnosisFragmentStep1_MembersInjector
com/cardio/physician/domain/common/repository/BaseRepository_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.domain.common.repository.BaseRepository_Factory
com/cardio/physician/BuildConfig.java
 com.cardio.physician.BuildConfig
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Total.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Total
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ItemConnectionBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ItemConnectionBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/textrecognization/VisionImageProcessor.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.VisionImageProcessor
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/services/WeightService.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.services.WeightService
com/cardio/physician/ui/DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.DaggerAppCardioPatient_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/AccessToken.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.AccessToken
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.AccessToken$1
com/cardio/physician/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.cardio.physician.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/healthlogs/HealthLogsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.healthlogs.HealthLogsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/fitbit/auth/LoginActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.fitbit.auth.LoginActivity
com/cardio/physician/di/RepositaryModule_ProvideLoginRepositaryFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.RepositaryModule_ProvideLoginRepositaryFactory
com/cardio/physician/domain/common/model/BaseResponse.java
 com.cardio.physician.domain.common.model.BaseResponse
com/cardio/physician/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideFieldValidatorFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideFieldValidatorFactory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Features.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Features
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/editprofile/EditProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.editprofile.EditProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/login/LoginFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.login.LoginFragment_MembersInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_common_base_viewmodel_BaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_common_base_viewmodel_BaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_di_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_di_NetworkModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/sync_health_data/SyncHealthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.sync_health_data.SyncHealthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.sync_health_data.SyncHealthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentPhoneNumberVerificationBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentPhoneNumberVerificationBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_splash_SplashActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_splash_SplashActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityDashboardBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityDashboardBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_di_ActivityModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_di_ActivityModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step3/Hilt_DiagnosisFragmentStep3.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step3.Hilt_DiagnosisFragmentStep3
com/cardio/physician/di/RepositaryModule_ProvideGoogleFitManagerFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.RepositaryModule_ProvideGoogleFitManagerFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_sync_health_data_SyncHealthDataFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_sync_health_data_SyncHealthDataFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityVisionEntryChoiceBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityVisionEntryChoiceBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/add_patient/AddPatientViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.add_patient.AddPatientViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.add_patient.AddPatientViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_dashboard_fragment_DashboardViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_dashboard_fragment_DashboardViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Weight.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Weight
com/cardio/physician/ui/common/utils/textwatcher/LabelVisiblityHelper_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.utils.textwatcher.LabelVisiblityHelper_Factory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.utils.textwatcher.LabelVisiblityHelper_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/signup/Hilt_SignUpFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.signup.Hilt_SignUpFragment
com/cardio/physician/di/RepositaryModule_ProvideQuestionareRepoFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.RepositaryModule_ProvideQuestionareRepoFactory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentWebViewBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentWebViewBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Distance_.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Distance_
com/cardio/physician/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideFirebaseFireStoreFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideFirebaseFireStoreFactory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/textrecognization/CameraXViewModel.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.CameraXViewModel
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentSettingBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentSettingBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step4/DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step4.DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step4.DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/databinding/DialogProgressBarBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.DialogProgressBarBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/LogoutTask.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.LogoutTask
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.LogoutTask$1
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.LogoutTask$2
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_profile_menu_ProfileMenuFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_profile_menu_ProfileMenuFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/DiagnosisActivityViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.DiagnosisActivityViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.DiagnosisActivityViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.DiagnosisActivityViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/di/RepositaryModule_ProvideGoogleRepositaryFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.RepositaryModule_ProvideGoogleRepositaryFactory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/common/graph/StepCountMpGraphImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.common.graph.StepCountMpGraphImp_Factory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.common.graph.StepCountMpGraphImp_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ItemNotificationLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ItemNotificationLayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/setting/SettingViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.setting.SettingViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/change_password/ChangePasswordFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.change_password.ChangePasswordFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityFitbitLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityFitbitLoginBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/WeightLogs.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.WeightLogs
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/notifications/NotificationsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.notifications.NotificationsActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_change_email_ChangeEmailActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_change_email_ChangeEmailActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Tracker.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Tracker
com/cardio/physician/ui/common/utils/ItemOffsetDecoration.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.utils.ItemOffsetDecoration
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/healthlogs/Hilt_HealthLogsActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.healthlogs.Hilt_HealthLogsActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.healthlogs.Hilt_HealthLogsActivity$1
com/cardio/physician/ui/service/SyncHeathDataService_MembersInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.service.SyncHeathDataService_MembersInjector
com/cardio/physician/di/ApplicationModule_GetUserManagerFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.ApplicationModule_GetUserManagerFactory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/Hilt_DashboardActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.Hilt_DashboardActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.Hilt_DashboardActivity$1
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/setting/SettingViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.setting.SettingViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.setting.SettingViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.setting.SettingViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/data/local/UserManager_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.local.UserManager_Factory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/SimpleRequestSigner.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.SimpleRequestSigner
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeAfibMedicationDashboardLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeAfibMedicationDashboardLayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludePatientDetailDashbordBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludePatientDetailDashbordBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentSettingBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentSettingBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/databinding/CompoundQuestionType3LayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.CompoundQuestionType3LayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/di/RepositaryModule_ProvideDiagnosisRepoFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.RepositaryModule_ProvideDiagnosisRepoFactory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/DiagnosisActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.DiagnosisActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/phoneverification/PhoneVerificationRepository_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.phoneverification.PhoneVerificationRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_healthlogs_HealthLogsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_healthlogs_HealthLogsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideAlphaFieldValidatorFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideAlphaFieldValidatorFactory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/GuidelineRightBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.GuidelineRightBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/phone_verification/PhoneNumberVerificationFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.phone_verification.PhoneNumberVerificationFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/textrecognization/InferenceInfoGraphic.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.InferenceInfoGraphic
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/AuthenticationWebviewClient.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.AuthenticationWebviewClient
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step2/DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step2.DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step2.DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step2.DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_di_RepositaryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_di_RepositaryModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/common/base/viewmodel/BaseAuthViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.base.viewmodel.BaseAuthViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/forgot_password/ForgotPasswordFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.forgot_password.ForgotPasswordFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/di/RepositaryModule_ProvideNotificationsRepoFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.RepositaryModule_ProvideNotificationsRepoFactory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/forgot_password/ForgotPasswordViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.forgot_password.ForgotPasswordViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step1_DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step1_DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/profile/UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.profile.UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.profile.UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.profile.UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/healthlogs/HealthLogsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.healthlogs.HealthLogsViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.healthlogs.HealthLogsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.healthlogs.HealthLogsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_forgot_password_ForgotPasswordFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_forgot_password_ForgotPasswordFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_add_patient_AddPatientViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_add_patient_AddPatientViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/CompoundQuestionType2LayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.CompoundQuestionType2LayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/DailyActivitySummary.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.DailyActivitySummary
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_illness_IllnessActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_illness_IllnessActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/Hilt_AuthenticateUserActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.Hilt_AuthenticateUserActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.Hilt_AuthenticateUserActivity$1
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentForgotPasswordBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentForgotPasswordBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityIllnessBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityIllnessBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_setting_SettingViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_setting_SettingViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/basichttp/BasicHttpResponse.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.basichttp.BasicHttpResponse
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/Hilt_DiagnosisActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.Hilt_DiagnosisActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.Hilt_DiagnosisActivity$1
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/textrecognization/CameraSourcePreview.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.CameraSourcePreview
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.CameraSourcePreview$1
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.CameraSourcePreview$SurfaceCallback
com/cardio/physician/ui/common/base/activity/BaseActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.base.activity.BaseActivity_MembersInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/CompoundQuestionType1LayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.CompoundQuestionType1LayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Goals.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Goals
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/SecureKeyGenerator.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.SecureKeyGenerator
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentGetProfileBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentGetProfileBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/healthlogs/HealthLogsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.healthlogs.HealthLogsViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ItemMedicineAddedBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ItemMedicineAddedBinding
com/cardio/physician/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideFirebaseAuthFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideFirebaseAuthFactory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/TutorialSlideLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.TutorialSlideLayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentChangePasswordBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentChangePasswordBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/Scope.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.Scope
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.Scope$1
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeMedicationPreviewLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeMedicationPreviewLayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/notifications/NotificatonsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.notifications.NotificatonsViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.notifications.NotificatonsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.notifications.NotificatonsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/APIUtils.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.APIUtils
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step4_DiagnosisFragmentStep4_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step4_DiagnosisFragmentStep4_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityChooserBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityChooserBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/signup/SignUpFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.signup.SignUpFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_editprofile_EditUserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_editprofile_EditUserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_sync_health_data_SyncHealthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_sync_health_data_SyncHealthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/healthlogs/HealthLogsActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.healthlogs.HealthLogsActivity_MembersInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step3/DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step3.DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step3.DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/phone_verification/Hilt_PhoneNumberVerificationFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.phone_verification.Hilt_PhoneNumberVerificationFragment
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fcm/FcmManager_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fcm.FcmManager_Factory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityWebViewBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityWebViewBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/sync_health_data/SyncHealthViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.sync_health_data.SyncHealthViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.sync_health_data.SyncHealthViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.sync_health_data.SyncHealthViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/textrecognization/ScopedExecutor.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.ScopedExecutor
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityAuthenticateUserBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityAuthenticateUserBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeWeightVsDateLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeWeightVsDateLayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/change_password/ChangePasswordViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.change_password.ChangePasswordViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.change_password.ChangePasswordViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.change_password.ChangePasswordViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/di/ApplicationModule_ProvidePreferenceFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.ApplicationModule_ProvidePreferenceFactory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step1/Hilt_DiagnosisFragmentStep1.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step1.Hilt_DiagnosisFragmentStep1
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Device.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Device
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/common/graph/BpBarMpChartGraphImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.common.graph.BpBarMpChartGraphImp_Factory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.common.graph.BpBarMpChartGraphImp_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step2/Hilt_DiagnosisFragmentStep2.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step2.Hilt_DiagnosisFragmentStep2
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/illness/Hilt_IllnessActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.illness.Hilt_IllnessActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.illness.Hilt_IllnessActivity$1
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Distance.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Distance
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/User.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.User
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivitySplashBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivitySplashBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_di_ViewModelModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_di_ViewModelModule
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/services/ActivityService.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.services.ActivityService
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/common/graph/formatter/MyAxisValueFormatter.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.common.graph.formatter.MyAxisValueFormatter
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/AuthenticationHandler.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.AuthenticationHandler
com/cardio/physician/databinding/BottomSheetPhysicianOperationBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.BottomSheetPhysicianOperationBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/tutorial/TutorialActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.tutorial.TutorialActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/notifications/NotificationsRepoImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.notifications.NotificationsRepoImp_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_healthlogs_HealthLogsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_healthlogs_HealthLogsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ItemPatientBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ItemPatientBinding
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/connections/ConnectionRepoImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.connections.ConnectionRepoImp_Factory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/login/LoginRepositoryImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.login.LoginRepositoryImp_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/change_password/ChangePasswordViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.change_password.ChangePasswordViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.change_password.ChangePasswordViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/illness/IllnessActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.illness.IllnessActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_change_password_ChangePasswordViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_change_password_ChangePasswordViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_EditDiagnosisActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_EditDiagnosisActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityHealthLogsBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityHealthLogsBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityNotificationsBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityNotificationsBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ItemConnectionBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ItemConnectionBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityFitbitLoginBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityFitbitLoginBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/fragment/DashboardRepository_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.DashboardRepository_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/sync_health_data/SyncHealthViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.sync_health_data.SyncHealthViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/change_email/ChangeEmailActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.change_email.ChangeEmailActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/loaders/ResourceLoaderResult.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.loaders.ResourceLoaderResult
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.loaders.ResourceLoaderResult$ResultType
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/sync_health_data/activity/SyncHealthActivty_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.sync_health_data.activity.SyncHealthActivty_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step3/DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step3.DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/forgot_password/ForgotPasswordViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.forgot_password.ForgotPasswordViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.forgot_password.ForgotPasswordViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.forgot_password.ForgotPasswordViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_editprofile_EditProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_editprofile_EditProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step3/DiagnosisFragmentStep3_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step3.DiagnosisFragmentStep3_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/di/NetworkModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.NetworkModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/questionnaire/QuestionnaireRepoImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.questionnaire.QuestionnaireRepoImp_Factory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/AuthenticationManager.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.AuthenticationManager
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.AuthenticationManager$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_change_email_ChangeEmailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_change_email_ChangeEmailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_DiagnosisActivityViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_DiagnosisActivityViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/BottomSheetDashboardFilterBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.BottomSheetDashboardFilterBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step1/DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step1.DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step1.DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/AuthenticationConfigurationBuilder.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.AuthenticationConfigurationBuilder
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeBpVsDateLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeBpVsDateLayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/sync_health_data/Hilt_SyncHealthDataFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.sync_health_data.Hilt_SyncHealthDataFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_forgot_password_ForgotPasswordViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_forgot_password_ForgotPasswordViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludePatientDetailAilmentBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludePatientDetailAilmentBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step4/DiagnosisFragmentStep4_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step4.DiagnosisFragmentStep4_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_di_FragmentModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_di_FragmentModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step2/DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step2.DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/synchealth/SyncHealthRepositoryImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.synchealth.SyncHealthRepositoryImp_Factory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/GuidelineRightBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.GuidelineRightBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/phone_verification/PhoneVerificationViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.phone_verification.PhoneVerificationViewModel_Factory
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/cardio/physician/di/ServiceModule_ProvideServiceFacadeFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.ServiceModule_ProvideServiceFacadeFactory
com/cardio/physician/ui/common/customviews/WrappableGridLayoutManager.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.customviews.WrappableGridLayoutManager
com/cardio/physician/di/RepositaryModule_ProvideFitnessRepositaryFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.RepositaryModule_ProvideFitnessRepositaryFactory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/exceptions/MissingScopesException.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.exceptions.MissingScopesException
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/profile/UserProfileRepository_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.profile.UserProfileRepository_Factory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/GuidelineLeftBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.GuidelineLeftBinding
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/UrlChangeHandler.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.UrlChangeHandler
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/basichttp/BasicHttpRequestBuilder.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.basichttp.BasicHttpRequestBuilder
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/sync_health_data/SyncHealthDataFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.sync_health_data.SyncHealthDataFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_di_ServiceModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_di_ServiceModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_notifications_NotificatonsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_notifications_NotificatonsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentEditProfileBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentEditProfileBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step2_DiagnosisFragmentStep2_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step2_DiagnosisFragmentStep2_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/profile_menu/ProfileMenuFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.profile_menu.ProfileMenuFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/CustomMarkerViewBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.CustomMarkerViewBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/healthlogs/HealthLogsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.healthlogs.HealthLogsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.healthlogs.HealthLogsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/signup/SignUpViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.signup.SignUpViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_phone_verification_PhoneNumberVerificationFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_phone_verification_PhoneNumberVerificationFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/change_email/Hilt_ChangeEmailActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.change_email.Hilt_ChangeEmailActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.change_email.Hilt_ChangeEmailActivity$1
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_cardio_physician_ui_AppCardioPatient.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_cardio_physician_ui_AppCardioPatient
com/cardio/physician/databinding/TutorialSlideLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.TutorialSlideLayoutBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/loaders/base/SynTaskLoader.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.loaders.base.SynTaskLoader
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.loaders.base.SynTaskLoader$LoaderCallbacks
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_change_email_ChangeEmailViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_change_email_ChangeEmailViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/cardio/physician/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideUiHandlerFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideUiHandlerFactory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/googlefit/GoogleFitBitRepositaryImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.googlefit.GoogleFitBitRepositaryImp_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_add_patient_AddPatientActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_add_patient_AddPatientActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityRootBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityRootBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/common/graph/HeartRateMpChartGraphImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.common.graph.HeartRateMpChartGraphImp_Factory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.common.graph.HeartRateMpChartGraphImp_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentPatientDashboardBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentPatientDashboardBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityRootBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityRootBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/common/graph/customview/XYMarkerView.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.common.graph.customview.XYMarkerView
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityChangeEmailBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityChangeEmailBinding
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/exceptions/FitbitAPIException.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.exceptions.FitbitAPIException
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/LogoutTaskCompletionHandler.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.LogoutTaskCompletionHandler
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/notifications/NotificatonsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.notifications.NotificatonsViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/DiagnosisActivityViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.DiagnosisActivityViewModel_Factory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.DiagnosisActivityViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step1_DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step1_DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/common/graph/WeightMpChartGraphImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.common.graph.WeightMpChartGraphImp_Factory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.common.graph.WeightMpChartGraphImp_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/di/NetworkModule_ProvideApiServiceFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.NetworkModule_ProvideApiServiceFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_profile_GetProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_profile_GetProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_login_LoginViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_login_LoginViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_common_base_activity_BaseActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_common_base_activity_BaseActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_profile_UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_profile_UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeStepViewBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeStepViewBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentDiagnosisPart4Binding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentDiagnosisPart4Binding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_common_base_viewmodel_BaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_common_base_viewmodel_BaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentDiagnosisPart3Binding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentDiagnosisPart3Binding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentDiagnosisPart2Binding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentDiagnosisPart2Binding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ItemPatientBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ItemPatientBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentDiagnosisPart1Binding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentDiagnosisPart1Binding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/forgot_password/Hilt_ForgotPasswordFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.forgot_password.Hilt_ForgotPasswordFragment
com/cardio/physician/ui/service/SyncHealthServiceFacade_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.service.SyncHealthServiceFacade_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step1_DiagnosisFragmentStep1_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step1_DiagnosisFragmentStep1_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityAddPatientBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityAddPatientBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/editprofile/EditUserProfileViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.editprofile.EditUserProfileViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/Hilt_EditDiagnosisActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.Hilt_EditDiagnosisActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.Hilt_EditDiagnosisActivity$1
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeDiagnosisBottomViewsBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeDiagnosisBottomViewsBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeStepsVsDateLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeStepsVsDateLayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/change_email/ChangeEmailViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.change_email.ChangeEmailViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/FitbitRepositaryImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.FitbitRepositaryImp_Factory
com/cardio/physician/BR.java
 com.cardio.physician.BR
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/AuthorizationController.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.AuthorizationController
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/add_patient/AddPatientViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.add_patient.AddPatientViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.add_patient.AddPatientViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.add_patient.AddPatientViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/signup/SignUpViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.signup.SignUpViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.signup.SignUpViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.signup.SignUpViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/common/base/activity/Hilt_BaseActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.base.activity.Hilt_BaseActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.base.activity.Hilt_BaseActivity$1
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeGraphFilterButtonLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeGraphFilterButtonLayoutBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_login_LoginViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_login_LoginViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/service/SyncHeathDataService_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.service.SyncHeathDataService_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/di/RepositaryModule_ProvideConnectionsRepoFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.RepositaryModule_ProvideConnectionsRepoFactory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/UserContainer.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.UserContainer
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/splash/SplashActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.splash.SplashActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/login/LoginViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.login.LoginViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.login.LoginViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/common/graph/formatter/MyValueFormatter.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.common.graph.formatter.MyValueFormatter
com/cardio/physician/data/local/SharedPreferences_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.local.SharedPreferences_Factory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/loaders/ResourceLoader.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.loaders.ResourceLoader
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.loaders.ResourceLoader$1
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/fragment/DashboardViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.DashboardViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.DashboardViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_phone_verification_PhoneVerificationViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_phone_verification_PhoneVerificationViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step3/DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step3.DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step3.DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step3.DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/add_patient/Hilt_AddPatientActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.add_patient.Hilt_AddPatientActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.add_patient.Hilt_AddPatientActivity$1
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/phone_verification/PhoneVerificationViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.phone_verification.PhoneVerificationViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.phone_verification.PhoneVerificationViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.phone_verification.PhoneVerificationViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/common/base/activity/BaseActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.base.activity.BaseActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/common/customviews/animation/AnimatorListener.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.customviews.animation.AnimatorListener
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Lifetime.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Lifetime
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/change_password/Hilt_ChangePasswordFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.change_password.Hilt_ChangePasswordFragment
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Summary.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Summary
com/cardio/physician/di/FragmentModule_ProvideHeartRateGraphFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.FragmentModule_ProvideHeartRateGraphFactory
com/cardio/physician/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/BottomSheetImagePickerEditScreenBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.BottomSheetImagePickerEditScreenBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/fragment/DashboardViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.DashboardViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_web_view_WebViewFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_web_view_WebViewFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Steps.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Steps
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_signup_SignUpViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_signup_SignUpViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/common/graph/formatter/DayAxisValueFormatter.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.common.graph.formatter.DayAxisValueFormatter
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/forgot_password/ForgotPasswordRepository_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.forgot_password.ForgotPasswordRepository_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step4/Hilt_DiagnosisFragmentStep4.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step4.Hilt_DiagnosisFragmentStep4
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_login_LoginFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_login_LoginFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/fragment/PatientDashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.PatientDashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/setting/SettingViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.setting.SettingViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.setting.SettingViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/notifications/Hilt_NotificationsActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.notifications.Hilt_NotificationsActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.notifications.Hilt_NotificationsActivity$1
com/cardio/physician/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.cardio.physician.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.cardio.physician.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/splash/Hilt_SplashActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.splash.Hilt_SplashActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.splash.Hilt_SplashActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_AuthenticateUserActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_AuthenticateUserActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/sync_health_data/activity/Hilt_SyncHealthActivty.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.sync_health_data.activity.Hilt_SyncHealthActivty
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.sync_health_data.activity.Hilt_SyncHealthActivty$1
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityVisionLivePreviewBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityVisionLivePreviewBinding
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/diagnosis/repositary/DiagnosisRepoImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.diagnosis.repositary.DiagnosisRepoImp_Factory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/services/UserService.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.services.UserService
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/phone_verification/PhoneVerificationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.phone_verification.PhoneVerificationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.phone_verification.PhoneVerificationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/databinding/BottomSheetImagePickerBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.BottomSheetImagePickerBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityChangeEmailBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityChangeEmailBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_change_password_ChangePasswordViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_change_password_ChangePasswordViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/textrecognization/preference/PreferenceUtils.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.preference.PreferenceUtils
com/cardio/physician/di/NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/profile/GetProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.profile.GetProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentProfileMenuBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentProfileMenuBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/DiagnosisActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.DiagnosisActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.DiagnosisActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeChfAilmentLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeChfAilmentLayoutBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_sync_health_data_SyncHealthViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_sync_health_data_SyncHealthViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step1/DiagnosisFragmentStep1_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step1.DiagnosisFragmentStep1_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/editprofile/EditUserProfileViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.editprofile.EditUserProfileViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.editprofile.EditUserProfileViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.editprofile.EditUserProfileViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/AuthenticateUserActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.AuthenticateUserActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/signup/SignUpViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.signup.SignUpViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.signup.SignUpViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideFirebaseStorageFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideFirebaseStorageFactory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/add_patient/AddPatientViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.add_patient.AddPatientViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/setting/SettingFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.setting.SettingFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/addpatient/AddPatientRepositoryImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.addpatient.AddPatientRepositoryImp_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_AppCardioPatient_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_AppCardioPatient_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/profile/Hilt_GetProfileFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.profile.Hilt_GetProfileFragment
com/cardio/physician/ui/AppCardioPatient_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.AppCardioPatient_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Tracker_.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Tracker_
com/cardio/physician/di/FragmentModule_ProvideStepCountGraphFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.FragmentModule_ProvideStepCountGraphFactory
com/cardio/physician/ui/service/Hilt_SyncHeathDataService.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.service.Hilt_SyncHeathDataService
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/services/DeviceService.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.services.DeviceService
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/textrecognization/BitmapUtils.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.BitmapUtils
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeAfibLayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeAfibLayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/web_view/WebViewFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.web_view.WebViewFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step2_DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step2_DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ToolbarBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ToolbarBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step4/DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step4.DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_HiltModules
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step4.DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step4.DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step4_DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step4_DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step2/DiagnosisFragmentStep2_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step2.DiagnosisFragmentStep2_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/Hilt_AppCardioPatient.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.Hilt_AppCardioPatient
 com.cardio.physician.ui.Hilt_AppCardioPatient$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_dashboard_fragment_DashboardViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_dashboard_fragment_DashboardViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/sveinungkb/SecurePreferences.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.sveinungkb.SecurePreferences
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.sveinungkb.SecurePreferences$SecurePreferencesException
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_DiagnosisActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_DiagnosisActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/textrecognization/FrameMetadata.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.FrameMetadata
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.FrameMetadata$1
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.FrameMetadata$Builder
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/login/LoginFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.login.LoginFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_dashboard_fragment_DashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_dashboard_fragment_DashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityVisionCameraxLivePreviewBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityVisionCameraxLivePreviewBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/common/customviews/StepView.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.customviews.StepView
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.customviews.StepView$1
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.customviews.StepView$2
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.customviews.StepView$AnimationType
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.customviews.StepView$DisplayMode
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.customviews.StepView$OnStepClickListener
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.customviews.StepView$State
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step4/DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step4.DiagnosisFragmentStep4ViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/tutorial/Hilt_TutorialActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.tutorial.Hilt_TutorialActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.tutorial.Hilt_TutorialActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step3_DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step3_DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/CompoundQuestionType4LayoutBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.CompoundQuestionType4LayoutBinding
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/services/HeartRateService.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.services.HeartRateService
com/cardio/physician/network/InternetInterceptor_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.network.InternetInterceptor_Factory
com/cardio/physician/generated/callback/OnItemSelected.java
 com.cardio.physician.generated.callback.OnItemSelected
 com.cardio.physician.generated.callback.OnItemSelected$Listener
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_service_SyncHeathDataService_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_service_SyncHeathDataService_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/DashboardActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.DashboardActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/setting/SettingRepository_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.setting.SettingRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step3_DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step3_DiagnosisFragmentStep3ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentGetProfileBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentGetProfileBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_healthlogs_HealthLogsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_healthlogs_HealthLogsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Activities.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Activities
com/cardio/physician/di/ApplicationModule_GetApplicationContextFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.ApplicationModule_GetApplicationContextFactory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/authentication/AuthenticationConfiguration.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.authentication.AuthenticationConfiguration
com/cardio/physician/network/NetworkHelper_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.network.NetworkHelper_Factory
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Floors_.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Floors_
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/login/Hilt_LoginFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.login.Hilt_LoginFragment
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/common/repositary/UserAuthRepositaryImp_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.common.repositary.UserAuthRepositaryImp_Factory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentSyncHealthDataBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentSyncHealthDataBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/SettingsStyleBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.SettingsStyleBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentWebViewBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentWebViewBinding
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivitySyncHealthBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivitySyncHealthBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/setting/Hilt_SettingFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.setting.Hilt_SettingFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_setting_SettingViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_setting_SettingViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/fragment/Hilt_PatientDashboardFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.Hilt_PatientDashboardFragment
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Steps_.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Steps_
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/change_password/ChangePasswordViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.change_password.ChangePasswordViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/textrecognization/CameraSource.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.CameraSource
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.CameraSource$1
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.CameraSource$CameraPreviewCallback
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.CameraSource$FrameProcessingRunnable
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.CameraSource$SizePair
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/signup/SignUpFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.signup.SignUpFragment_MembersInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludeHealthDetailBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludeHealthDetailBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_editprofile_EditUserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_editprofile_EditUserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/fragment/Hilt_DashboardFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.Hilt_DashboardFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_sync_health_data_activity_SyncHealthActivty_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_sync_health_data_activity_SyncHealthActivty_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/editprofile/Hilt_EditProfileFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.editprofile.Hilt_EditProfileFragment
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentSyncHealthDataBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentSyncHealthDataBindingImpl
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/loaders/ResourceLoaderSync.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.loaders.ResourceLoaderSync
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.loaders.ResourceLoaderSync$1
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/fragment/DashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.DashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_signup_SignUpFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_signup_SignUpFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step1/DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step1.DiagnosisViewStep1ViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_tutorial_TutorialActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_tutorial_TutorialActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/basichttp/BasicHttpRequest.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.basichttp.BasicHttpRequest
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_phone_verification_PhoneVerificationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_auth_phone_verification_PhoneVerificationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/IncludePatientDetailBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.IncludePatientDetailBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/common/base/viewmodel/BaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.base.viewmodel.BaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.common.base.viewmodel.BaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/Best.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.Best
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/fitbit/RootActivity.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.fitbit.RootActivity
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.fitbit.RootActivity$1
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.fitbit.RootActivity$2
com/cardio/physician/databinding/GuidelineLeftBindingImpl.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.GuidelineLeftBindingImpl
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_cardio_physician_ui_AppCardioPatient.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_cardio_physician_ui_AppCardioPatient
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_DiagnosisActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_DiagnosisActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentProfileMenuBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentProfileMenuBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step3_DiagnosisFragmentStep3_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_diagnosis_step3_DiagnosisFragmentStep3_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideFirebaseStorageReferenceFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideFirebaseStorageReferenceFactory
com/cardio/physician/databinding/ActivityStillImageBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.ActivityStillImageBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/diagnosis/step2/DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step2.DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.diagnosis.step2.DiagnosisStep2ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_change_password_ChangePasswordFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_change_password_ChangePasswordFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/data/remote/fitnesstracker/fitbit/api/entities/TopBadge.java
 com.cardio.physician.data.remote.fitnesstracker.fitbit.api.entities.TopBadge
com/cardio/physician/databinding/FragmentPhoneNumberVerificationBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.FragmentPhoneNumberVerificationBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/add_patient/AddPatientActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.add_patient.AddPatientActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/profile/web_view/Hilt_WebViewFragment.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.profile.web_view.Hilt_WebViewFragment
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/dashboard/fragment/PatientDashboardFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.dashboard.fragment.PatientDashboardFragment_MembersInjector
com/cardio/physician/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideExecuterServiceFactory.java
 com.cardio.physician.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideExecuterServiceFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_di_ApplicationModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_di_ApplicationModule
com/cardio/physician/databinding/SpinnerStyleBinding.java
 com.cardio.physician.databinding.SpinnerStyleBinding
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/auth/login/LoginViewModel_Factory.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.auth.login.LoginViewModel_Factory
com/cardio/physician/ui/views/textrecognization/GraphicOverlay.java
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.GraphicOverlay
 com.cardio.physician.ui.views.textrecognization.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_profile_UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_cardio_physician_ui_views_profile_profile_UserProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
